Roman_Stelchenko/README.md, before:

# Project description; Roman Stelchenko

## Homework progress table
|  Homework No |  2 |  3 |  4 |  5 |  6 |  7 |  8 |  9 | 10 | 11 | 12 | 13 | 14 | 15 | 16 | 17 | 18 | 19 | 20 | 21 |
|----|----|----|----|----|----|----|----|----|----|----|----|----|----|----|----|----|----|----|----|----|
| STATUS | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ | ⏳ | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ | ⏳ | ✅ | ✅ | ⏳ |

## Homework details
### 02. GIT. Local
Please find solutions in 02.Git.Local folder

### 03. GIT. Hosting
Please find solutions in 03.GIT.Hosting folder

### 04. GitOps
Please find solutions in 04.GitOps folder

### 05. Ansible start
Please find solutions in 05.Ansible.Start folder

### 06. Ansible Workshop
Please find solutions in 06.Ansible.Workshop folder

### 07. Docker
Please find solutions in 07.Docker folder

### 09. Kubernetes
Please find solutions in 09.Kubernetes folder

### 10. Kubernetes installation (WS)
Please find solutions in 10.Kubernetes.installation.WS folder

### 11. Kubernetes. Basic objects
Please find solutions in 11.Kubernetes.Basic.objects folder

### 12. Kubernetes. Data. Security
Please find solutions in 12.Kubernetes.Data.Security folder

### 13. Kubernetes. Helm
Please find solutions in 13.Kubernetes.Helm folder

### 14. Kubernetes application deployment
Please find solutions in 14.Kubernetes.app.deployment folder

### 15. Kubernetes CI CD
Please find solutions in 15.Kubernetes.CI.CD folder

### 16. Technical and service monitoring
Please find solutions in 16.Technical.and.service.monitoring folder

### 17. Log monitoring
Please find solutions in 17.Log.monitoring folder

### 19. Jenkins. Start
Please find solutions in 19.Jenkins.Start folder

### 20. Jenkins. Routine
Please find solutions in 20.Jenkins.Routine folder

Commit message:

[08.Docker.Docker.compose, 18.Testing, 21.Jenkins.Docker.and.Pod] add solutions; Stelchenko (#3232)
* [14.Kubernetes.app.deployment] add solutions; Stelchenko

* [15.Kubernetes.CI.CD] add solutions; Stelchenko

* [16.Technical.and.service.monitoring] add solutions; Stelchenko

* [17.Log.monitoring] add solutions; Stelchenko

* [19.Jenkins.Start,20.Jenkins.Routine] add solutions; Stelchenko

* [18.Testing] add solutions; Stelchenko

* [08.Docker.Docker.compose] add solutions; Stelchenko

* [21.Jenkins.Docker.and.Pod] add solutions; Stelchenko

Roman_Stelchenko/README.md, after:

# Project description; Roman Stelchenko

## Homework progress table
|  Homework No |  2 |  3 |  4 |  5 |  6 |  7 |  8 |  9 | 10 | 11 | 12 | 13 | 14 | 15 | 16 | 17 | 18 | 19 | 20 | 21 |
|----|----|----|----|----|----|----|----|----|----|----|----|----|----|----|----|----|----|----|----|----|
| STATUS | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ |

## Homework details
### 02. GIT. Local
Please find solutions in 02.Git.Local folder

### 03. GIT. Hosting
Please find solutions in 03.GIT.Hosting folder

### 04. GitOps
Please find solutions in 04.GitOps folder

### 05. Ansible start
Please find solutions in 05.Ansible.Start folder

### 06. Ansible Workshop
Please find solutions in 06.Ansible.Workshop folder

### 07. Docker
Please find solutions in 07.Docker folder

### 08. Docker. Docker compose
Please find solutions in 08.Docker.Docker.compose folder

### 09. Kubernetes
Please find solutions in 09.Kubernetes folder

### 10. Kubernetes installation (WS)
Please find solutions in 10.Kubernetes.installation.WS folder

### 11. Kubernetes. Basic objects
Please find solutions in 11.Kubernetes.Basic.objects folder

### 12. Kubernetes. Data. Security
Please find solutions in 12.Kubernetes.Data.Security folder

### 13. Kubernetes. Helm
Please find solutions in 13.Kubernetes.Helm folder

### 14. Kubernetes application deployment
Please find solutions in 14.Kubernetes.app.deployment folder

### 15. Kubernetes CI CD
Please find solutions in 15.Kubernetes.CI.CD folder

### 16. Technical and service monitoring
Please find solutions in 16.Technical.and.service.monitoring folder

### 17. Log monitoring
Please find solutions in 17.Log.monitoring folder

### 18. Testing
Please find solutions in 18.Testing folder

### 19. Jenkins. Start
Please find solutions in 19.Jenkins.Start folder

### 20. Jenkins. Routine
Please find solutions in 20.Jenkins.Routine folder

### 21. Jenkins. Docker and Pod
Please find solutions in 21.Jenkins.Docker.and.Pod folder
